In short, look for the following to fix “ bash: bashtop: command not found “:
Make sure the shell PATH variable correctly set and verify your PATH environment variable.
Verify that the file you want to execute or run exists on the Unix or Linux box.
Some commands need to run as the superuser (root user).
More items...•28-Oct-2020

Linux / UNIX: Command Not Found Error and Solution - nixCrafthttps://www.cyberciti.biz › Howto › FreeBSD
Search for: How do I fix bash command not found?
Why commands are not found in Linux?
The “Command not found” error is caused by the fact that Linux is unable to find on your system a command you try to execute. When you run a command Linux looks for binaries in the list of directories specified in the PATH environment variable, this allows you to execute a command without specifying its full path.20-Jul-2020

Linux Command Not Found: This Will Fix It - CODEFATHERhttps://codefather.tech › Blog
Search for: Why commands are not found in Linux?
How do I find the command list?
How do I fix command not found on Mac?
How do I troubleshoot a command not found?
What is where command?
Why my Command Prompt is not working?
How do I fix Sudo command not found?
Who command not working in Linux?
Feedback

Linux / UNIX: Command Not Found Error and Solution - nixCrafthttps://www.cyberciti.biz › Howto › FreeBSD
28-Oct-2020 — It means either program is not installed or PATH variable in your environment is not pointing to it. Learn how to fix command not found ...

command-not-found.comhttps://command-not-found.com
Install any command on any operating system. ... command-not-found.com. Install any command on any operating system.

How to Fix “Command Not Found” in command line - Stack ...https://stackoverflow.com › questions › how-to-fix-com...
24-Sept-2021 · 1 answer
Chances are that something might have gone wrong with the users $PATH on your machine or maybe the actual path where the command is has not ...
Getting zsh: command not found in mac terminal for each and ...
16 Jun 2021
“Command not found” error in the installation process - Stack ...
25 Jun 2015
Terminal errors - "zsh: command not found" when trying any ...
29 Oct 2021
bash "command not found" - is my PATH wrong - Stack Overflow
8 Jan 2017
More results from stackoverflow.com

Command Not Found in Bash Fixed - devconnectedhttps://devconnected.com › command-not-found-in-bas...
01-Nov-2019 — Command Not Found in Bash Fixed · Bash & PATH concepts · Verify that the file exists on the system · Verify your PATH environment variable. Fixing ...
‎Verify your PATH environment... · ‎Reset the PATH environment...

Bash Command Not Found, Common Reasons and Solutionshttps://linuxhint.com › bash_command_not_found
Another major reason you get the “bash command not found” error is that the path it is looking for is incorrect. When a user enters a command, the system .
